DOCSP-49974 Configure CRUD Operations (#524)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/crud/configure.txt

         majority of data-bearing voting members. For more information, see the
         :rapid:`Write Concern specification
         </reference/write-concern/#mongodb-writeconcern-writeconcern.-majority->`.
       |
       | **Parameter**: none

   * - ``Unacknowledged()``
     - | The client requests requests no acknowledgment of write
         operations. For more information, see the
         :rapid:`Write Concern specification for w: 0
         </reference/write-concern/#mongodb-writeconcern-writeconcern.-number->`.
       |
       | **Parameter**: none

   * - ``W1()``
     - | The client requests acknowledgement that write operations have
         been written to memory on one node, such as the standalone mongod or
         the primary in a replica set. For more
         information, see the :rapid:`Write Concern specification for w: 1
         </reference/write-concern/#mongodb-writeconcern-writeconcern.-number->`.
       |
       | **Parameter**: none

.. tip:: Write Concern Timeout

   You cannot set a timeout on a ``WriteConcern`` instance. Instead, set
   the timeout at the operation level by using the ``WithTimeout()``

>    method when creating a Context. To learn more, see

Author: Yes should be capitalized and AFAIK not monospace. The Go docs don't use monospace for it, and we don't elsewhere in our docs.

If you require a more specialized write concern, you can define a custom
``WriteConcern`` struct literal. You can set the following fields in a
``WriteConcern`` struct:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 25 75
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Field
     - Description

   * - ``W``
     - | Specifies the number of ``mongod`` instances or tagged members
         that write operations must propagate to for acknowledgement. Common values include
         ``1``, ``0``, and ``"majority"``.
       |
       | **Type**: ``string`` or ``int``

   * - ``Journal``
     - | Specifies if write operations must be written to the on-disk
         journal for acknowledgement.
       |
       | **Type**: ``bool``

.. tip::

   You can alternatively specify a write concern in your connection
   string. See the :manual:`Server manual entry on Write Concern Options
   </reference/connection-string/#write-concern-options>` for more information.

Example
```````

The following code shows how you can specify different write concerns
at the client and collection level. The *client-level* write concern
requests acknowledgement from two replica set members and sets journaling to

> ``false``. The *collection-level* write concern requests

Reviewer: s: i don't think italics are needed here, since these aren't new terms. are they just to distinguish the levels from each other?

Author: I'm not sure the original intent, this was how they were written in the existing doc 😅 but since they're not new terms can remove.

acknowledgement from the majority of replica set members.

.. code-block:: go
   :emphasize-lines: 2-7,11-12
   
   uri := "mongodb://<hostname>:<port>"
   journal := false
   cliWC := &writeconcern.WriteConcern{
       W: 2,
       Journal: &journal,
   }
   clOpts := options.Client().ApplyURI(uri).SetWriteConcern(cliWC)
   client, err := mongo.Connect(clOpts)
   ...
   
   collWC := writeconcern.Majority()
   collOpts := options.Collection().SetWriteConcern(collWC)
   coll := client.Database("db").Collection("myColl", collOpts) 

Read Concern
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The read concern option allows you to determine which data the client
returns from a query. The default read concern level is "local", meaning
that the client returns the instance’s most recent data, with no guarantee that
the data has been written to a majority of the replica set members.

Options
```````

The {+driver-long+} provides the ``readconcern`` package, which lets

> you specify the read concern for a replica set. Set the read concern using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you specify the read concern for a replica set. Set the read concern by using the
```

> ``SetReadConcern()`` method with a ``ReadConcern`` type. The ``ReadConcern``

Reviewer: same question as above ('with...type')

       the replica set members. For more information, see the
       :rapid:`Read Concern specification </reference/read-concern-available/#mongodb-readconcern-readconcern.-available->`.

   * - ``Linearizable()``
     - The query returns data that reflects all
       successful writes issued with a write concern of ``majority`` and
       acknowledged before the read operation begins. For more information, see the
       :rapid:`Read Concern specification </reference/read-concern-linearizable/#mongodb-readconcern-readconcern.-linearizable->`.

   * - ``Local()``
     - The query returns the instance’s most recent
       data. For more information, see the
       :rapid:`Read Concern specification </reference/read-concern-local/#mongodb-readconcern-readconcern.-local->`.

   * - ``Majority()``
     - The query returns the instance’s most recent
       data acknowledged as having been written to a majority of members
       in the replica set. For more information, see the
       :rapid:`Read Concern specification </reference/read-concern-majority/#mongodb-readconcern-readconcern.-majority->`.

   * - ``Snapshot()``
     - The query returns a complete copy of the

>        data in a ``mongod`` instance at a specific point in time. Only
>        available for operations within multi-document transactions. For more information, see the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       data in a ``mongod`` instance at a specific point in time. This option is available
       only for operations within multi-document transactions. For more information, see the
```

       :rapid:`Read Concern specification </reference/read-concern-snapshot/#mongodb-readconcern-readconcern.-snapshot->`.

Example
```````

The following code shows how you can specify a read concern of
"majority". The code then selects a ``Collection``
with this option.

.. code-block:: go
   :emphasize-lines: 1-2

   rc := readconcern.Majority()
   opts := options.Collection().SetReadConcern(rc)
   database := client.Database("db")
   coll := database.Collection("myCollection", opts)

.. _golang-read-pref:

Read Preference
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The read preference option specifies how the MongoDB client routes read
operations to the members of a replica set. By default, an application
directs its read operations to the primary member in a replica set.

Read preference consists of the read preference mode and, optionally, a
:rapid:`tag set list </core/read-preference-tags/>`, the
:rapid:`maxStalenessSeconds </core/read-preference-staleness/>` option, and the
:rapid:`hedged read </core/read-preference-hedge-option/>` option.

Options
```````

The {+driver-long+} provides the ``readpref`` package, which lets

> you specify the read preference for a replica set. Set the read preference using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you specify the read preference for a replica set. Set the read preference by using the
```

> ``SetReadPreference()`` method with a ``ReadPref`` type. The ``ReadPref``

Reviewer: q: 'with...type'

type has the following methods to specify the read preference:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 25 75
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Method
     - Description

   * - ``Nearest()``
     - The client reads from a random eligible replica set member,

>        primary or secondary, based on a specified latency threshold. For more information, see the

Reviewer: s: is 'primary or secondary' clarifying that the random member can be either one? if so, i don't think it's needed; it sort of reads like a weirdly formatted list 🙃

       :rapid:`Read Preference Server manual entry </core/read-preference/#mongodb-readmode-nearest>`.

   * - ``Primary()``
     - The client reads from the current replica set primary node. For more information, see the
       :rapid:`Read Preference Server manual entry </core/read-preference/#mongodb-readmode-primary>`.

   * - ``PrimaryPreferred()``

>      - The client reads from the primary node in most situations. If the primary is
>        unavailable, operations read from secondary members. For more

Reviewer: s:

```suggestion
     - The client reads from the primary node if it's available. If the primary is
       unavailable, operations read from secondary members. For more
```

       information, see the :rapid:`Read Preference Server manual entry </core/read-preference/#mongodb-readmode-primaryPreferred>`.

   * - ``Secondary()``
     - The client reads from the secondary members of the replica set. For more information, see the
       :rapid:`Read Preference Server manual entry </core/read-preference/#mongodb-readmode-secondary>`.

   * - ``SecondaryPreferred()``

>      - The client reads from the secondary nodes in most situations. If the secondaries are
>        unavailable, operations read from the primary member. For more information, see the

Reviewer: s:

```suggestion
     - The client reads from the secondary nodes if one or more is available. If the secondaries are
       unavailable, operations read from the primary member. For more information, see the
```

       :rapid:`Read Preference Server manual entry </core/read-preference/#mongodb-readmode-secondaryPreferred>`.

.. tip::

>    You can alternatively specify a read preference in your connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Alternatively, you can specify a read preference in your connection
```

       | **Type**: ``string`` or ``int``

   * - ``Journal``

>      - | Specifies whether write operations must write the changes to the on-disk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - | Specifies whether the replica set must write the changes to the on-disk
```

   * - ``Snapshot()``
     - The query returns a complete copy of the
       data in a ``mongod`` instance at a specific point in time. This option is only

>        available for operations within multi-document transactions. For more information, see the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       data in a ``mongod`` instance at a specific point in time. This option is available only
      for operations within multi-document transactions. For more information, see the
```

To learn more about supported retryable read operations, see :manual:`Retryable Reads </core/retryable-reads/>`
in the {+mdb-server+} manual. To learn more about supported retryable write
operations, see :manual:`Retryable Writes </core/retryable-writes/>` in the {+mdb-server+} manual.

Collation
---------

You can specify a **collation** to modify the behavior of read
and write operations. A collation is a set of language-specific rules for string
comparison, such as for letter case and accent marks.

> MongoDB sorts strings using *binary collation* by default. This default

Reviewer: s:

```suggestion
By default, MongoDB sorts strings by using *binary collation*. This default
```

> collation uses the `ASCII standard <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASCII>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
collation uses the :wikipedia:`ASCII standard <ASCII>`
```

character values to compare and order strings. Languages and locales

> have specific character ordering conventions that differ from the ASCII

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have specific character-ordering conventions that differ from the ASCII
```

standard, and you can choose to apply a different set of collation rules
to your operation.

You can specify a collation at the following levels:

- Collection: Sets the default collation for operations on the collection.
  You cannot define a collation for an existing collection.

- Index: Sets the collation for operations that use the index.

- Operation: Sets the operation's collation and overrides any inherited collations.

Specify a Collation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To specify a collation, create a ``Collation`` object. You must define the ``Locale`` field

> of the ``Collation`` object; all other fields are optional. For example, the following code

Reviewer: this hurts me as a lover of semicolons

```suggestion
of the ``Collation`` object, but all other fields are optional. For example, the following code
```

.. code-block:: json

   {"name" : "Emma", "length" : "474"}
   {"name" : "Les Misérables", "length": "1462"}
   {"name" : "Infinite Jest", "length" : "1104"}
   {"name" : "Cryptonomicon", "length" : "918"}
   {"name" : "Ça", "length" : "1138"}

.. note::

   To learn how to insert documents, see :ref:`golang-insert-guide`.
   
The following example uses the ``Find()`` method to return all documents with a ``name`` value
that alphabetically precedes ``"Infinite Jest"``:

.. io-code-block::
   :copyable: true

   .. input::
      :language: go

      filter := bson.D{{"name", bson.D{{"$lt", "Infinite Jest"}}}}
      cursor, err := coll.Find(context.TODO(), filter)
      if err != nil {
         panic(err)
      }

      var results []bson.D
      if err = cursor.All(context.TODO(), &results); err != nil {
         panic(err)
      }

      for _, result := range results {
         res, _ := bson.MarshalExtJSON(result, false, false)
         fmt.Println(string(res))
      } 

   .. output::
      :language: none
      :visible: false

      {"name":"Emma","length":"474"}
      {"name":"Cryptonomicon","length":"918"}
      {"name":"Ça","length":"1138"}

> Without specifying a default ``books`` collation, the ``Find()`` method follows
> default binary collation rules to determine the ``name`` values that precede

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the code didn't specify a default ``books`` collation, the ``Find()`` method would follow
default binary collation rules to determine the ``name`` values that precede
```

However, you can create an index for the collection with a different collation. 

The following example uses the ``CreateOne()`` method to create an ascending index on the
``name`` field and specifies a new collation with an ``"en_US"`` locale:

.. io-code-block::
   :copyable: true

   .. input::
      :language: go

       myCollation := &options.Collation{Locale: "en_US"}
       opts := options.Index().SetCollation(myCollation)

       indexModel := mongo.IndexModel{
         Keys:    bson.D{{"name", 1}},
         Options: opts,
       }

       name, err := coll.Indexes().CreateOne(context.TODO(), indexModel)
       if err != nil {
         panic(err)
       }
       fmt.Println("Name of Index Created: " + name)

   .. output::
      :language: none
      :visible: false

       Name of Index Created: name_1

.. _golang-op-collation:

Set a Collation on an Operation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Operations that read, update, and delete documents from a collection can use collations.
Applying a collation to an operation overrides any default collation previously defined
for a collection. 

If you apply a new collation to an operation that differs from an index's collation,

> you cannot use that index. As a result, the operation may not perform as optimally as one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you cannot use that index. As a result, the operation may not perform as well as one
```

``books`` collection. 

The following example uses the ``Find()`` method to return documents in which the ``length`` 
value is greater than ``"1000"``. The ``NumericOrdering`` collation field has a value of
``true`` to ensure that values are sorted in numerical order rather than alphabetical
order:

.. io-code-block::
   :copyable: true

   .. input::
      :language: go

      filter := bson.D{{"length", bson.D{{"$gt", "1000"}}}}
      myCollation := &options.Collation{Locale: "en_US", NumericOrdering: true}
      opts := options.Find().SetCollation(myCollation)

      cursor, err := coll.Find(context.TODO(), filter, opts)
      if err != nil {
         panic(err)
      }
      
      var results []bson.D
      if err = cursor.All(context.TODO(), &results); err != nil {
         panic(err)
      }
      
      for _, result := range results {
         res, _ := bson.MarshalExtJSON(result, false, false)
         fmt.Println(string(res))
      } 

   .. output::
      :language: none
      :visible: false

      {"name":"Les Misérables","length":"1462"}
      {"name":"Infinite Jest","length":"1104"}
      {"name":"Ça","length":"1138"}

> Without specifying a collation with a ``NumericOrdering`` field set to ``true``, the
> same ``Find()`` operation compares ``length`` values as strings. In this case, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the code example didn't specify a collation with a ``NumericOrdering`` field set to ``true``, the
same ``Find()`` operation would compare ``length`` values as strings. In this case, the
```
